packages/docs/docs/03-Subcomponents API/02-CountrySelectorDropdown.md, before:

import RequiredMark from '@site/src/components/RequiredMark'

# CountrySelectorDropdown API

**CountrySelectorDropdown** is a dropdown component for selecting a country that opens after click on _CountrySelector_.

## Usage Example

Import component

```tsx
import { CountrySelectorDropdown } from 'react-international-phone';
```

Use by providing the _show_, _selectedCountry_ and _onSelect_ properties.

```tsx
<CountrySelectorDropdown
  show={true}
  selectedCountry="al"
  onSelect={handleSelect}
  onEscapePress={handleClose}
/>
```

Output:

import { CountrySelectorDropdown } from 'react-international-phone';

<CountrySelectorDropdown show={true} selectedCountry="al" style={{ position: 'relative', top: '0' }} />

### Properties

| Prop                 | Type          | Description                         | Default value |
| -------------------- | ------------- | ----------------------------------- | ------------- |
| show <RequiredMark/> | `boolean`     | Show dropdown                       |               |
| dialCodePrefix       | `string`      | Prefix for country code             | `"+" `        |
| selectedCountry      | `CountryIso2` | Selected option country code (iso2) | `undefined`   |

### Events

| Prop          | Type                               | Description                                      |
| ------------- | ---------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ |
| onSelect      | `(country: ParsedCountry) => void` | Callback that calls on option select             |
| onEscapePress | `() => void`                       | Callback that calls on escape keyboard key press |

### Style properties (`CountrySelectorDropdownStyleProps` type)

| Prop                         | Type            | Description                                                                  |
| ---------------------------- | --------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| style                        | `CSSProperties` | Custom styles for **CountrySelectorDropdown container**                      |
| className                    | `string`        | Custom className for **CountrySelectorDropdown container**                   |
| listItemStyle                | `CSSProperties` | Custom styles for **CountrySelectorDropdown list-item container**            |
| listItemClassName            | `string`        | Custom className for **CountrySelectorDropdown list-item container**         |
| listItemFlagStyle            | `CSSProperties` | Custom styles for **CountrySelectorDropdown list-item flag**                 |
| listItemFlagClassName        | `string`        | Custom className for **CountrySelectorDropdown list-item flag**              |
| listItemCountryNameStyle     | `CSSProperties` | Custom styles for **CountrySelectorDropdown list-item country name**         |
| listItemCountryNameClassName | `string`        | Custom className for **CountrySelectorDropdown list-item country name**      |
| listItemDialCodeStyle        | `CSSProperties` | Custom styles for **CountrySelectorDropdown list-item country dial code**    |
| listItemDialCodeClassName    | `string`        | Custom className for **CountrySelectorDropdown list-item country dial code** |

### CSS variables

| Variable                                                            | Default value                                            |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| --react-international-phone-dropdown-item-font-size                 | `14px`                                                   |
| --react-international-phone-dropdown-item-text-color                | --react-international-phone-text-color                   |
| --react-international-phone-dropdown-item-height                    | `28px`                                                   |
| --react-international-phone-dropdown-item-background-color          | --react-international-phone-background-color             |
| --react-international-phone-dropdown-item-dial-code-color           | `gray`                                                   |
| --react-international-phone-selected-dropdown-item-text-color       | --react-international-phone-text-color                   |
| --react-international-phone-selected-dropdown-item-background-color | `whitesmoke`                                             |
| --react-international-phone-selected-dropdown-item-dial-code-color  | -react-international-phone-dropdown-item-dial-code-color |
| --react-international-phone-dropdown-shadow                         | `2px 2px 16px rgb(0 0 0 / 25%)`                          |

Commit message:

feat(CountrySelector): change onEscapePress callback with onClose, call it on dropdown blur

packages/docs/docs/03-Subcomponents API/02-CountrySelectorDropdown.md, after:

import RequiredMark from '@site/src/components/RequiredMark'

# CountrySelectorDropdown API

**CountrySelectorDropdown** is a dropdown component for selecting a country that opens after click on _CountrySelector_.

## Usage Example

Import component

```tsx
import { CountrySelectorDropdown } from 'react-international-phone';
```

Use by providing the _show_, _selectedCountry_ and _onSelect_ properties.

```tsx
<CountrySelectorDropdown
  show={true}
  selectedCountry="al"
  onSelect={handleSelect}
  onClose={handleClose}
/>
```

Output:

import { CountrySelectorDropdown } from 'react-international-phone';

<CountrySelectorDropdown show={true} selectedCountry="al" style={{ position: 'relative', top: '0' }} />

### Properties

| Prop                 | Type          | Description                         | Default value |
| -------------------- | ------------- | ----------------------------------- | ------------- |
| show <RequiredMark/> | `boolean`     | Show dropdown                       |               |
| dialCodePrefix       | `string`      | Prefix for country code             | `"+" `        |
| selectedCountry      | `CountryIso2` | Selected option country code (iso2) | `undefined`   |

### Events

| Prop     | Type                               | Description                                                                                |
| -------- | ---------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| onSelect | `(country: ParsedCountry) => void` | Callback that calls on option select                                                       |
| onClose  | `() => void`                       | Callback that calls on dropdown close without select any item (usually by keyboard events) |

### Style properties (`CountrySelectorDropdownStyleProps` type)

| Prop                         | Type            | Description                                                                  |
| ---------------------------- | --------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| style                        | `CSSProperties` | Custom styles for **CountrySelectorDropdown container**                      |
| className                    | `string`        | Custom className for **CountrySelectorDropdown container**                   |
| listItemStyle                | `CSSProperties` | Custom styles for **CountrySelectorDropdown list-item container**            |
| listItemClassName            | `string`        | Custom className for **CountrySelectorDropdown list-item container**         |
| listItemFlagStyle            | `CSSProperties` | Custom styles for **CountrySelectorDropdown list-item flag**                 |
| listItemFlagClassName        | `string`        | Custom className for **CountrySelectorDropdown list-item flag**              |
| listItemCountryNameStyle     | `CSSProperties` | Custom styles for **CountrySelectorDropdown list-item country name**         |
| listItemCountryNameClassName | `string`        | Custom className for **CountrySelectorDropdown list-item country name**      |
| listItemDialCodeStyle        | `CSSProperties` | Custom styles for **CountrySelectorDropdown list-item country dial code**    |
| listItemDialCodeClassName    | `string`        | Custom className for **CountrySelectorDropdown list-item country dial code** |

### CSS variables

| Variable                                                            | Default value                                            |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| --react-international-phone-dropdown-item-font-size                 | `14px`                                                   |
| --react-international-phone-dropdown-item-text-color                | --react-international-phone-text-color                   |
| --react-international-phone-dropdown-item-height                    | `28px`                                                   |
| --react-international-phone-dropdown-item-background-color          | --react-international-phone-background-color             |
| --react-international-phone-dropdown-item-dial-code-color           | `gray`                                                   |
| --react-international-phone-selected-dropdown-item-text-color       | --react-international-phone-text-color                   |
| --react-international-phone-selected-dropdown-item-background-color | `whitesmoke`                                             |
| --react-international-phone-selected-dropdown-item-dial-code-color  | -react-international-phone-dropdown-item-dial-code-color |
| --react-international-phone-dropdown-shadow                         | `2px 2px 16px rgb(0 0 0 / 25%)`                          |
